DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
Bakugan Battle Brawlers in
\"Here's Mud in your Eye!\"
[singing happily]
Ah gee, making mud balls on the beach all by yourself
isn't any fun at all...
NAGA: Hello Tricloid...
Master Naga!
Very few of my Bakugan are worthy of immortality.
You, dear Tricloid, are one of the chosen ones.
But there is a catch.
In order to live forever, you must first help me
carry out my plan of ridding the universe
of those irritating humans who call themselves 'The Brawlers!'
Yes!
I wanna play!
Once you destroy the Brawlers
and help me obtain the Infinity Core,
then you shall be reunited with Rabeeder!
I will help Mr. Naga!
I want to see my sister again!
I will get the job done!
I will destroy the Brawlers!
Hey, just go to her...
She's your only sister isn't she?
You know we have to get out of here but at least you
always have your sister.
Where is Tricloid hiding?
I can't sense her yet, but I will continue scanning...
She has to be out there somewhere!
Tricloid really isn't an evil Bakugan...
But if she thinks she can steal the Infinity Core
just because Naga told her to...
then she better watch out because we'll take her down,
right Gorem?
Right!
JULIE: What is that?
Tricloid?
Bizarre!
Yahoo!
[laughing]
Whoa, look it's Billy!
And Cycloid!
Yo yo, Julie, hope you don't mind the intrusion...
but I thought you guys might need a hand!
Hey boss...
Why don't you just admit you wanted to come here
and help your little girlfriend!
Hey zip it, ya big lump!
I came here to help the Brawlers, got it?
Oh, yeah, right...
[giggling]
It doesn't matter why you're here, Billy,
I'm just glad you came!
Thank you, Julie...
Okay, now I get it...
So all the Brawlers decided to battle on their own.
That's right.
It was a tough decision, but we thought it was the right one...
That's why I came here
to protect this neighborhood from Naga.
Well, now that I'm here, I've got you covered!
Wait!
You're not going to try and be a hero, are you?
It's just that, well, ever since I've known you, Billy...
you get some...
pretty weird ideas into your head.
Oh come off it!
Are you sayin' you're gonna protect me?
You and I both know I'm a better battler than you are!
No way!
The only way you could beat me in battle
would be in your dreams!
Hey... Back it up!
Anytime or anywhere!
Let's do it!
Ready when you are!
Okay! You're on!
Oooh! You are so busted!
Humans...
I hear ya, Gorem...
NENE: You're all... acting like babies!
You... hear something?
Yeah, it's some kinda creepy voice...
Come on, show yourself!
I'm right here.
Oh... hello...
Sorry, we didn't see you down there.
Hey buddy!
Are you calling me short?
I am Nene, the greatest Bakugan Battler!
Do not mock me!
Nene?
I know what you're thinking.
I'm just a little kid who loves to brag about
how great a battler she is.
Well, I am and I can prove it!
Hey, actually, I think I've heard your name before...
I know Dan and the Brawlers personally!
Come to think of it, I believe it was Dan
who bragging about you.
You're Julie and he's your boyfriend, Billy!
Right?
I'm what?
You're creepy!
No, I'm cute!
Listen, Billy's not my boyfriend,
he's just a friend, that's all!
Oh great, now all of a sudden she wants to break up with me!
Women are fickle!
Somebody just shoot me...
There you are!
Nene!
Where have you been?
Hey, sorry if our little sister here scared you, guys,
but trust me, her barks just worse than her bite!
Little sister?
Yeah, Akira and Shuji just happen to be
my big brothers.
Oh great...
Well I guess we'll have a battle some other day then...
But you I warn you, don't mess with me
'cause I'll take both of you down, got it?
And take my advice, dorks.
Quit pretending you don't want to go out with each other!
You tell 'em, sis!
Atta girllll!
C'mon, we gotta get home.
Yeah Nene, mom will be worried.
Catch you guys later!
What a nightmare!
That is one very very disturbed child...
[thunder]
CYCLOID: Hey Boss...
Look's like a storm's brewing.
And it looks like a nasty one.
What's a little rain?
[thunderclap]
Oh my hair...
Julie! Hurry!
This was not in the forecast!
Oh ah...
Billy...
That was weird...
That storm came outta nowhere...
B-Billy?
Huh?
What is it, Julie?
[nervous laugh]
JULIE THINKING: Oh my...
why is my heart beating so fast?
I've never felt these feelings before...
BILLY THINKING: Ah man, somethin' crazy is happenin' to me!
Is it hot out here or what?
[both sigh]
I don't think I'll ever understand humans...
I think we should just change the subject.
Okay, so tell me, when is this Tricloid character
supposed to show up here anyway?
I'm on my way, Brawlers!
So, umm...
So, ah, Julie...
You remember when...
we were kids and we'd go out and play in the rain?
Yeah...
I remember this one time it was just pouring out...
you were so scared!
Every time you saw lightning or heard thunder,
you'd hide behind me!
Wait a minute, you got that backwards!
It was you that was scared!
Give me a break, Billy!
You were crying your eyes out!
Sniveling like a little baby!
You were the one who was bawling!
No, it was you!
No, you!
You are soo stupid!
Well...
I guess it stopped...
Yeah, I guess so...
I'm glad that's over...
An earthquake!
What the? Oh no!
It's like a volcano!
I'll bet it's Tricloid!
Whatever happens, don't let go of my hand...
Yes... I won't let go.
If you ask me, looks like we got company! Yes.
Peek-a-boo, Tricloid sees you!
I was right...
she's here!
Are you happy to see me?
Oh no!
[screaming]
Tricloid?
[giggling]
You look, I don't know, different
from the last time I saw you...
Because now Tricloid's here to beat the Brawlers
until they are all gone bye-bye, little Julie!
You can't be serious!
Or are you?
Oh, you bet I am!
And when I win, then I can see my sister Rabeeder again!
[laughs]
Was it Naga who told you that?
Yes he did!
[laughs]
Now, Tricloid would like to battle you.
You ready, Julie?
Who's side is she on?
Good question...
it looks like she's gone to the darkside!
That's not good...
Oh great, let's hope she's the only one who's a traitor...
That freak Naga's making me angry!
What is it?
Here's what I'm thinking!
Let me take this three-eyed creep on!
I'll show her who's boss!
Hey, ya overgrown lump!
Listen up!
I'm gonna show you what I think of rejects
who switch teams!
Yaaaa!
I like to play!
Playing is fun!
She's nuts!
Tricloid has been exposed to Naga's negative energy!
Oh no!
How could this happen?
How could you do this to us, huh?
I'm tired of all this fighting and I'm going to
put a stop to it!
You ready, Billy?
Yeah, good to go!
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers coming right up!
Now back to the action on Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Okay, are you ready to battle?
I'll go first!
Muddy Road!
Man, talk about fighting dirty!
Now it's my turn, Tricloid!
Hey, what'd ya do that for?
You're a meanie, Gorem!
A big meanie!
Now you made me mad!
[sobbing]
What's happening? Don't know.
She's beginning to annoy me!
She created a mud pit!
Cycloid!
You've got to help me!
Quick! We've got to do something!
Hang in there!
I gotcha covered!
Grand Slide!
I think someone's a little angry with me...
I've had enough of your games!
Thank you, Cycloid.
I owe you my life.
Whatever I can do to repay you, I will.
Ah, it was nothing...
You would have done the same for me, Gorem...
We're in this together!
Surprise!
Did you miss me?
We've got to finish her off permanently!
No problem!
You guys just kick back while Cycloid and I
have some fun.
You sure?
Yeah...
I'm not gonna let a 'lil blob of muck get in our way!
C'mon Cycloid, let's finish this!
I'm tired of playing your stupid game.
I'm going bye-bye!
Bye bye!
Oh no!
Now where's she going?
Wait a minute.
You're not getting away this time.
You ready cycloid?
Yes boss!
Ability Activate!
Stared Evil Eye!
You can run but you can't hide!
Owie, owie!
Watch where you're hammering!
Hey, that's smarts!
So, you wanna play do ya?
That's fine by me!
Cut it out!
We'll quit when you surrender to our side, Tricloid!
No! I promised Naga I'd beat the Brawlers
and he promised I'd see my sister!
And that's exactly what I'm going to do!
Now what's she doing?
You won't like me when I'm angry!
Incredible!
That's insane!
Something tells me we're in a whole lotta of trouble!
You okay, Julie?
I'm fine, Gorem...
Ability Activate!
Grand Impact!
My hammer!
She's made of mud and she just sucked it in!
I guess it's our turn again!
You ready, Cycloid?
You bet, boss!
Ohh, that tickles!
Not again?
Yippeee! I won again!
Thanks to my Saturn Balloon Ability I can absorb
all the abilities you can throw at me!
This is bad!
She has the power to nullify
anything and everything we throw at her!
We're doomed!
Okay, let's see what I have in my bag of tricks!
Yabba-dabba-Yippee- kay-yayyy!
[screaming]
Julie!
Juliieeee! Bossss!
Looks like I win!
NENE: Not so fast, Tricloid!
Bakugan Brawl!
Well, you two are sure lucky I came along
and bailed you out!
You're not kidding!
You were awesome, Nene!
But don't think I'll save your bacon again!
So why did you come back here, Nene?
Well, I guess you could say I kinda got lost...
But that's a whole other story!
Right now the only thing I care about
is playing Bakugan against anyone
who thinks they're good enough to take me on...
Like Tricloid.
I like playing...
GOREM: If you ask me Cycloid,
some days it just doesn't pay to get out of bed...
Look! Tricloid's back!
And she's packing our Bakugan into a mud ball!
Hey you!
You better stop that now!
Or else you'll be very, very sorry!
If it isn't the little princess!
Try anything sister, and you'll be the one who's sorry!
Do you realize who you're talking to?
Watch 'cause I have the power of Darkus to back me up!
Hope you're ready for a beating you overgrown mudball!
Bakugan Brawl!
Ravenoid Stand!
Ability Activate!
Blow Away!
Now it's your move, ya king size mud-cicle!
Free at last!
No thanks are necessary, guys, just doing my job!
It's hard being the best battler but...
I guess someone has to be the one and it might as well
be little ol' Nene!
Thanks for saving our Bakugan, you were great!
Hey, I appreciate the compliment...
It's nice when one of your peers shows you a little respect!
Say, how old are you anyway, Nene?
Oh come on now!
Haven't you learned never to ask a lady her age?
Hey kid!
Since when are you a lady?
Hey boss, we've got to figure a way to bring down
that mud puddle once and for all!
She takes a licking and keeps on ticking!
GOREM: She's like a bad rash!
Hmm....
[giggling]
That's it!
I got a plan, you guys!
'Kay, listen up...
Hey, no fair!
Whispering is just plain rude!
Alright, you all know what to do...
Hey dirtball, you ready to battle?
Remember...
we just get rid of her negative energy...
so follow my lead.
Okay...
JULIE THINKING: Wow!
He's so different when he takes command.
He's so brave!
Hey Tricloid, listen up!
We're gonna take you down, but it's not personal,
got that?
It's for your own good!
You've been programmed by that creep Naga
and we're going to break his hold over you!
Naga isn't bad.
Naga is good.
He told me so himself!
Hey, you're not getting away this time!
Left Gigante!
Gorem! It's our turn!
Grand Impact!
I'm on it!
You're going down, Tricloid!
It's time to put the icing on the cake!
Ability Activate!
Air Battle!
Ahhh!
Eww, that's got to hurt!
Hey, you big meanies!
That's not very nice!
Alright, looks like your plan worked to perfection, Billy!
Didn't I tell you it would, Julie?
... And I think she's on our side now.
Naga lied to me!
He's a very bad Bakugan!
Well, I guess this is good-bye.
Maybe we'll get to play again some day...
but next time on the same side!
Bye bye everyone!
Bye, and I hope you hook up with your sister...
Rabeeder!
GOREM: I have a feeling it's only a matter of time, Julie.
You know, I got the same feeling too...
Billy...
I guess you two are a couple again.
Am I right or what?
It's okay with me, Billy...
So ah...
do you wanna go out with me sometime?
Okay...
Oh my, how touching...
you two kids finally admitting to the obvious!
Nene!
There you are!
You're safe!
Man, we were looking all over for ya!
We thought you mighta got yourself
into some kinda trouble!
Would you two just zip it!
For your information, I just played cupid!
[laughter]
Hey Julie?
I wonder what Dan's up to?
Hey silly Billy,
if you're worried that Dan's going to be jealous
of you and me...
Forget it because from here on out the only boy for me
is you Billy!
And I want the whole world to know it!
Forget Dan.
BILLY: I think they know now, Julie...
ALICE: On the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers
I get back into action!
Rabeeder shows up and it's up to me to take her down.
But do I battle as Alice
or do I pull out my Masquerade mask?
Even I'm not sure!
Hopefully Christopher can back me up.
You don't want to miss it,
because it's going to be the toughest fight ever!
Bakugan Brawl!
All that and a few bizarre surprises coming up
on the next exciting episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
We'll see you there!